Fixed i2c dependency loop (#73067)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.7.rst

  All symbols are renamed as follows: ``SOC_IT81202BX``, ``SOC_IT81202CX``, ``SOC_IT81302BX``,
  ``SOC_IT81302CX``, ``SOC_IT82002AW``, ``SOC_IT82202AX``, ``SOC_IT82302AX``.
  And, rename the ``SOC_SERIES_ITE_IT8XXX2`` to ``SOC_SERIES_IT8XXX2``. (:github:`71680`)

> * native: The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EMUL` is no longer enabled by default with
>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_I2C` in :ref:`native_posix<native_posix>` and
>   :ref:`native_sim<native_sim>` Kconfig.defconfig. Out-of-tree users should add
>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EMUL`=y in their project level. (:github:`73067`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For native_sim/posix: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EMUL` is no longer enabled by default when
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_I2C` is set. Users who need this setting enabled should set it in their project config file. (:github:`73067`)
```

Author: done
